Fix the `@ts-ignore` directive on TS import in type declaration output (#27)
0no-co/graphql.web: .changeset/serious-hotels-shake.md

---
"@0no-co/graphql.web": patch
---

> Fix the directive syntax for ignoring errors due to unavailable peer dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix `@ts-ignore` on TypeScript peer dependency import in typings not being applied due to unsupported syntax.
```
